I'll tell you this dude,
I tell you this,
I'm not being a hater.
I'm not being,
uh,
some sort of Debbie Downer.
I don't think it breaks.
2 million pay per view buys.
You might be right.
I'm,
I'm not,
I'm not seeing it man.
Like when Connor fought Florida Floyd or when Conor and Nate Diaz to,
I couldn't go anywhere without undue Starbucks unit anywhere shoe store where
car dealer,
everyone would,
dude,
Connor Floyd,
who you got man,
everybody in their mom now,
very rare.
Maybe I wanted my show someone to bring it up,
but there's something to Connor didn't want to do for this fight and that's
massive promotion.
So does that mean it's not as big?
Like who's that falling?
Is that Connor the you have Scott.
It's,
he doesn't want to do it.
Well,
the,
the UFC has a model,
right?
And it worked in the Josie Aldo fight.
That model is you just promote the holy fuck out of a fight.
You travel the world,
you promote the shit out of it,
you scream at each other at press conferences,
you do all that stuff for months and months and months.
And those things sell like crazy.
If it's Conor Mcgregor,
if it's Conor McGregor.
So who have they ever done it with besides Conor McGregor like that?
No one really sells like that.
They,
you know,
a little bit with Rhonda I guess,
but she didn't have the same kind of chops as Connor.
Connor's the only one.
But you know,
I don't know.
Maybe it's cause he had a layoff,
maybe two after the Floyd thing.
I think it does.
Well,
I don't think it breaks a converse,
Nate too.
Well,
I don't think your breaks 1.6 minutes.
What I think happened was Connor made a hundred fucking million dollars and he
was like,
yeah,
I'm just going to train.
You know,
I think,
I think there's that.
And that also goes,
I'm not,
that took so much energy to do all that and everyone knows me as that guy.
I have the toughest fight of my life coming up.
I'm taking every precaution necessary not to overtrain.
Yep.
Not to use all my energy.
This,
I'm in the fight of my life and I'm going to train like it.
I'm shutting down everything.
You can post the fucking me throwing the Dolly through the window 1000 times.
I'll do the press conference on Thursday.
Other than that,
man,
I have got to get ready for the fight of my life.
That's the way I'm looking at it.
I think you're right and I think this is the fight of his life.
I think stylistically it's a nightmare match up.
I think it's a nightmare matchup for both of them.
I think anyone who goes,
oh Connor,
you know he can't wrestle.
They can't do this.
He's just going to get taken down and pounded out your show off.
It's not even funny.
You don't know the game.
He absolutely is capable of stuffing a take down or two in the early going.
That's what's up because in the early going he's got that Stanger have a left
hand and put his movement,
his footwork,
and Khabib is going to know that coming in.
He's going to be a little hesitant.
He's not going to walk towards him like Edson Barboza did or he didn't.
The Edson Barboza fight.
You can't because Barboza is mostly kicks,
Barboza ties,
stock kicks,
lot of Thai style cakes and could be just put a tremendous amount of pressure on
him and then got ahold of him,
but Connor is going to crack them with Hans and his footwork is way better.
He's,
he's just way better at moving in and moving out.
I think when people go,
either Connor starches him and gets the Kale or it could be just takes him down
for five rounds and pounds him out.
I think a,
I think it's a,
it's a classic fight.
I think it's back and forth.
I think if they fucking dog fight,
I think it's a fight of our lives,
man.
I,
I really do.
I think you probably right.
I think you've got to think you're getting a fucking great fight from two guys
where there's more on the line than just win or lose.
I think with Khabib and what he represents and talking to his team,
his team,
Captain Josh Thompson,
he goes,
it could be,
he was going to retire after this.
Really?
He wants to beat Conor and retire.
You want to retire like the Floyd Mayweather of of MMA 27 and beat the beat the
UFC,
you know poster boy and he's walks off in the sunset.
Unless they get him a super fight with GSP or some,
he's done.
Really?
Wow.
That's shocking.
He's young.
Very shocking.
But think how long he's been doing this since he's,
this whole has been fucking up grizzly bears.
So he's like,
all right,
I'm over it.
This man and not dimension.
He lives with his family man.
He still lives his mom and dad,
his wife and his two kids.
Same House.
Wow.
That's kind of monster you're dealing with.
And then for Connor,
I think it's a legacy fight where you know he's coming off the Floyd Mayweather
kind of trained.
There were,
it was a success.
Either way.
You look at it,
he made $100 million.
They compete against the best of all time and lasted more rounds.
Anyone thought and trained for a complete boxing match?
It was striking to me.
You better go in this fight.
But for him it's not about the money.
You see him,
the one interview he's done on Mac life,
you can see it's like it's a vintage common.
We go,
Oh shit,
we got one here man.
This isn't,
you know the Floyd Mayweather is more of a show like,
you know,
we didn't think he was gonna win that.
This one.
He looked at it.
Oh Shit.
That's vintage Connor.
This mother fuckers coming to fight and he might get taken down.
Yes,
I guarantee you he gets taken down that motherfuckers can get back up.
He's going to get up and he's like,
keep getting up and could used and keep coming and we got a dog fight,
man.
I think both guys going be fucked up after this fight.
And to me a classic,
it could be or asked for two fucking just could be good starts in seven seconds.
People are leaving.
It's on a loop.
That could bebes got to get through the fire.
You know,
he's got to get through the fire in the early going.
He's got to close that distance and he's got to do it with precision without
letting those nerves affect him.
Right?
I mean,
he's got all his shit talking con has done to him.
He seen him rattled at the press conference.
He's rattled when he started talking about his dad.
He's rattled.
And I think,
um,
we've,
we've also never seen Khabib fight with high stakes,
right?
Like when he fought Alec went to,
that was in high stakes.
AL's amazing fighter.
But that's not the same as fighting Conor McGregor when he's fighting a Edson
Barboza that's not in high stakes when you're fighting Conor Mcgregor,
Conor takes all the chips on that poker table,
puts it all in the mill goes,
I'm all in.
You have to be all in.
I do.
Well under these circumstances.
How do you respond?
Yeah.
So for women,
I've seen Khabib and everyone goes,
oh,
it's,
cardio is great.
It is great.
But when the fucking Irish nation is rock in that fucking arena and there's all
this pressure,
his heart rate's going to go up and easy.
My God,
I fucking hate this guy because he's never followed a guy who hates,
he hates con.
Yup.
How is he going to be over zealous and open himself up?
Yep.
There has to be something there.
And we like,
we don't know exactly what all was an assassin until that fight complete.
Forget the best of all time.
Yeah.
Still is.
But that,
that fight exposed how good Connor psychological game is because months and
months of being on tour with Conor,
those press conferences kind of stealing his belt and screaming at them and
getting in his face and then starches him with one punch.
Oh,
amazing.
But the what?
The what,
what else is interesting is remember Connors and amazing counter puncher,
well to be an amazing counter puncher and he needed to guide a punch at you can
be,
is not going to punch at them.
Right.
Unless it becomes an ego thing like you did with uh,
al or Edson Barboza.
We just walked him down.
There's no respect.
He might throw some punches.
So it's mansion for Connor to find those angles when a guy's not playing the
game,
who it's also could be,
was that a history of struggling to make weight that he cannot struggle to make
weight for this fight.
He's gotta be on point.
He came in that press conference at one 74 they said this motherfucker started
camp at one 80 something like he's,
he's never been more serious.
Where a fight,
which for people listening,
if you're saying like,
well buddy fights at one 55 he used to weight 200 200 no.
Yeah,
yeah.
And then get down to one 55 and it was not good.
I mean the Michael Johnson fight,
he struggled.
He had like some real shutdown issues and then the Tony Ferguson fight,
they pulled him out of the fight.
He can't have any of that nonsense this weekend.
Oh No.
I don't think the,
the,
the nonsense,
the only thing where like Jamie,
me is going to the fight.
I would never go to this fight.
I think there's what?
I would not go this fight for this reason.
I'm a complete pussy.
I think something's going to happen.
The crowd between the Russians and the Irish,
I think that it's just the animosity between the two.
They hate each other so bad.
If this fight,
it happens for Conor,
you're going to have upset Russians.
That happens for Khabib.
Me,
I've upset fucking Irish.
I think it's good.
It's gotten bigger than just a UFC fight.
Really?
I do,
man.
So hostile.
You think you wouldn't go to this fight because of the potential the violence
breaks out?
Correct.
I also don't like going to UFC fights.
I also don't like you're going to UFC fights.
Why don't you like it?
Because he used to fight.
It's just stressful for me.
I just,
yeah,
just super stressful.
If you feel like you're gonna fight again when your daddy get the nerves and I'm
just like,
oh,
I go complete opposite of that now.
I try to get more relaxed when you know when I'm doing standup,
I go,
I don't want to be in that scared mode anymore.
Yeah.
That's interesting.
My heart rate under sweating the whole time.
I'm just like around like sweating.
I looked like,
shit,
pull up that card.
Let me see the rest of the car,
dude.
If you're Tony Ferguson,
it's like,
oh yeah,
and Tony's fighting.
Right?
I know.
And he's fighting pedis.
It's not an easy fight for comeback fight,
Tony.
I mean,
I'm just amazed that he's able to fight again so quickly after knee surgery.
You don't,
what's interesting to me is I asked Josh Thompson,
who knows could be you and I'll see you can talk to DC about it,
but they,
I go,
dude,
Tony's back like if could be where to win.
Huge fight.
Tony Ryan.
He goes,
no interest.
That's fight does nothing to him mentally.
He just doesn't care about it.
I'm like,
it could be just doesn't care.
Yeah.
He's like not with Tony,
so he really just wants to fight Conor and then get out,
get out one store.
What's the Tsp from?
From this room?
Josh Thompson.
His mouth from Khabib.
He wants to beat the UFC is poster boy.
Dana's poster boy and walk the fuck out and last they give him a super fight.
Who the fuck has ever been?
26 and as a champion,
I think that's the only one.
Yeah.
But 26 and,
oh,
for sure.
He's fucking,
who else has been undefeated?
Champion undefeated champion.
Conor was on a Jon Jones fight.
Matt Hamill before he won the title.
He fought Matt Ham on the ultimate fighter.
Roy Nelson,
Bro.
No,
no.
It wasn't the ultimate fighter.
That was ultimate fighter finale because I fought Roy Nelson.
Jon Jones.
Flat Matte.
Right.
Not on the,
not on the ultimate photo.
You don't,
when they do the financial.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Um,
that's a bullshit laws though.
Oh my God.
You got to loss from whooping a dude's ass so bad.
Um,
as far as unfair champions who,
I don't think there's one Hennen brow.
Oh,
he won,
but he lost his first fight.
Yeah.
Cannonborough losses the first under.
No,
he was like,
he had like 30 wins in a row or some shit,
but had a weird loss back in Brazil.
Yeah.
He lost his first MMA fight,
rather Rhonda.
Yeah.
Ron Brown was undefeated.
Undefeated.
Yup.
Yeah.
Rhonda is only two losses were the,
the two title fights between Holly and Amanda.
Let's see,
what do you got there,
Jamie?
What are you pulling up?
List of undefeated MMA champions.
Ben Asca and hanging around Ben aspirins for sure.
One of them put Ben,
ask her to me and I've had him on the podcast.
I've said this line.
I love the guy.
He's my all Brian Ortega.
But Brian or take isn't really a champion.
Well these aren't champions.
Are they?
These just you undefeated MMA fighters.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Yeah,
yeah,
yeah.
Right.
These aren't champions.
Yes.
Uh,
Ben's the one guy who I'd love to see come out of retirement and fight.
Could be,
he's the one guy.
That's my biggest disappointment that that guy never fought in the UFC.
It's a fucking shame.
And,
but the thing is like,
Khabib wouldn't find my,
nobody knows who he is outside of the hardcore guys.
Why would you fight fun and maybe lose,
maybe get out wrestled it.
Here's the only if,
if you're going to say something about,
could be bs 27.
Oh,
he really,
when you look at the body of work from Connor compared to Khabib assignment,
close the,
the winds that Connor has,
her remarkable.
Yes.
You look at the Max Holloway,
Chad Mendez,
Josie Aldo,
what he did to Eddie Alvarez,
I mean,
ridiculous,
ridiculous.
Yeah.
Then Nate Diaz,
when they do have loss,
like you just look at the,
the caliber of opponents that he's faced from a very young age.
It's a nightmare.
And they look at Khabib,
he's 27.
No,
his biggest ones probably Barboza does Sanchez when he was a little weathered,
but yeah,
no,
but Barboza in the,
as a perfect stylistic matchup for him.
So yeah,
we,
we don't with Coby,
we know he's damn good,
but how good.
He's had one weird moment in his entire career,
the skin,
Michael Johnson,
when Michael Johnson cracked him,
wobbled him for a second and then took them down and smashed up Gleason,
uh,
[inaudible] Tibau fight got a little dicey to it.
Yeah.
Paul,
I don't remember that fight at all.
Um,
but,
but with,
with Michael Johnson,
it's funny to me because Michael Johnson landed that big overhand and MPP.
People go,
oh,
[inaudible] has a weak chin.
I'm like,
well,
he's never been dropped.
He's never been,
he's never been,
sounded that and starched Dustin Poirier with one punch.
Don't forget about that.
Michael Johnson can fucking punch and he's explosive is shit.
I mean he caught,
could be,
it could be got Waa rock for a second and then weathered the storm.
Took them down,
smashed him.
It was a total dominant performance.
Yeah.
If you look at his performance,
like you look at his rather his resume.
Pat Healey was a tough fighter that,
that,
that showed,
able to heal.
He smashed able.
True Healer.
I remember Abel,
he took down more times.
Anyone inside that octagon 21 towns,
right time to thing.
And he was a college wrestler and a strong guy able strong as shit.
And that's Gleason.
Uhh,
Tibau one is that 2012 that's [inaudible].
That's the juicy,
yeah.
The real big fight was the Barboza fight.
And then ally Quinta was,
I mean,
as,
as as last minute as last minute gets,
and he still went five whole rounds with I Quinta,
which was interesting for a lot of people.
Like I talked to Eddie Alverez after that fight and he was like very
interesting.
Very interesting.
Yeah.
I was like,
this is why you saw a lot of things in that fight,
honey.
He's like,
yeah,
he's like a,
you know,
once the,
once the fight got into the later rounds and he's still standing up with guys,
he let go.
Whoa.
All right.
It's so interesting to me because when you talked to anyone from AK off,
see,
they're super pro could be,
but they're like,
dude,
this isn't even a fight like this.
What do you,
this is one of Khabib's easier fights.
He's definitely had way tougher match ups and like,
you're crazy,
man.
They're like,
you should see,
could go against Ed Ruth,
who's an all American Penn state wrestling.
He fucks him up.
He takes him down.
I'm like,
what?
But that's,
you know,
that's,
that's that wrestling,
you know,
that dance,
that rhythm.
Connor's not on that rhythm.
You're talking about a different animal.
You talking about a guy who is one of the best fencers in the game,
meaning can like jump in with one shot and put you out and he can do it moving
back.
He could do it moving forward.
He can time you and he'll,
he'll be very common there.
You will get the very best.
Conor McGregor,
he's also no slouch on the ground.
People think he's just going to get taken down and like get crucifix right away.
You're out.
Your goddamn mind got trains with Dylan.
Dan as he,
he's brought in these,
uh,
Dagestani wrestlers.
Like he's training with the lead of the lead.
He's,
he's,
you know,
what could be going to do.
Yeah.
It's way easy to train for Khabib than it is Connor.